-	It should be wider by 1 mm. You lose 1 mm of screen width if you are to use this. Also, it looks awkward a thin amount of screen exposed with out protection on both sides of the screen.
-	it is a very bery bad quality product. It does not pastes properly on the phone. Leaves white marks on the edges and on the screen too. Had ordered two prices both of them were faulty.
+	I am very satisfied with the product.
-	Broke while installing. Very fragile.avoid
-	Poor quality product not meeting my expectations.
-	Received damaged piece
+	Good quality product
+	Good product. Need more finishing.
-	Worst product
+	Very good quality
-	it is a very bery bad quality product. It does not pastes properly on the phone. Leaves white marks on the edges and on the screen too. Had ordered two prices both of them were faulty.
-	 It is very small in size. Not usable
+	Good product at such a price
+	very good product but it was smaller than the image shown in picture. otherwise its fine. my mom liked it so much regarding the material and the product
-	 bad quality 
+	 Worth the money , bought @264 courtesy lightning deal.
+	The product was nicely packed and delivered in good condition. Material is plastic medium grade. Can't be used in microwave as is suggested. Basically for storage purpose only. Most of the containers are quite small - smallest can only be used for making icereams for kids !
+	Very useful product and its of better quality. Like assumed the small containers are really small and can be used for carrying pickles or storing dry grapes only. Anyway the other containers are of varying sizes (4 sets of each size) make a vivid storage options. Bought this for my mom and she is indeed very much happy to have it as it serves the purpose. The lid though its tight enough to hold on goods, cant be called as air tight but that doesn't matter as these are just storage containers. Anyway it was a good deal to grab these for just about 210Rs on lightening deal. 
-	It's not that good a product. The biggest size can fit probably a kg cake and the rest are just good enough to store little and very little leftovers. Got it for 219 rs so didn't return otherwise something similar or may be better quality is available in local market
+	 I got this product under an offer for Rs. 260. It's worth that amount. Boxes are good and airtight too. Haven't faced any problem yet. 
+	Nice product. Good value for money.
+	Gud product for affordable price
+	Satisfied with the quality
+	Material quality is good and all sizes are available in this set
-	Quality is not that much good
-	poor plastic quality and poor plastic quality
+	It was a good product for these range.
-	Very cheap quality !!
-	Plz dont buy,it is waste of money, all are small boxes only,one big box is there but quality is very very cheap.
+	Every piece is really strong and very high quality
+	Super one. Made my kitchen storage easy
-	Very Bad Product. Nothing matching for the given description. I was cheated. Fake product
+	Good deal, we can't get in this cost, really good product
+	Great Quality Product
-	This product quality is not that good enough. One container was damaged. There is a small small pieces of plastic fibre hanging which means the finishing quality is bad. I don't recommend this product to gift or for personal use.
+	Good product and of course value for money
+	Loved the product .It is with good quality.
-	It is made of very delicate plastic and the size of the containers are very small than showed on images.
+	Very nice products,princeware's one of the best collection. Plastic is very good. Lid fits perfectly.very happy with the product.
-	package with Princeware SF Pak Container Set, 17-Pieces, Blue has been successfully delivered with cracked cases. I'm left with defective item. Small cases are too small
+	Nice product. Quality is decent for daily use. Very helpful for storing leftover food items and keeping in fridge. Can use it in microwave. Different size containers can be used for different quantity.
-	Cracks during transport.packing is very bad
+	Reasonable price and good quality plastic. Would recommend buying
+	It's really work good
+	Good product. Recommend it.
+	Very normal n general product. Nothing great. Best for everyday use but not waterproof.
+	Very nice but applicator can be improved
-	Waste and worst product. Its not water proof or smudge proof . very very worst product . waste of money . its not even thik . quantity is not even 5 drops . when it becomes dry its becoming powdery and falls from yourveyes
-	Duplicate product.
-	Brush was not that good....din worth that much amt
+	Jet Black color is awesome. But the brush of the eyeliner is too wide.
+	prefect for daily use not tooo dark and prefect for 9 to 6 hours
+	Good one and long lasting.....
-	highly disappointed,the moment I saw it felt its duplicate product. Brush is not even.
-	Looks like a fake product...after applying first coat, the moment u apply the second coat , the first one gets rubbed away... absolutly rubbish product...please DO NOT BUY .. also it is not waterproof at all..and doest dry out quickly.. and the bottle itself looks fake.
+	Nice and long lasting.
-	This product is vry thick ,& brush also.Not up to the mark.
-	Dont buy it
+	Like the product
-	Very less quantity and very costly product
+	Used it first time but it last long and your eyes looks more beautiful after applying it. Happy to buy it :) Amazon always fast at delivery which I love the most about this site :)
+	It stays for a longer time :)
-	Useless product. It seems like it's diluted with water. And it's definitely not 9 to 5. Only pro is the packaging which is cute. Do not buy this. The cheaper variants of lakme are way better than this.
-	Not very convenient to use
-	Very watery,sheer.... It's not waterproof and is more towards dark grey.. den black..waste of money...one of the worst product...
-	QUALITY NOT AS EXPECTED
-	I don't know whether the product quality is bad or it is duplicate. It doesn't even stays for 5 mins on eyes. The black color also looks like diluted one.
+	Received in good condition and for the best price
-	I had gifted it, and I recently came to know that it was all dried up! Was pretty upset. Products should be checked with mfg date also, and I'll be making sure in my next orders.
-	Brush.. is not gud.... eyeliner is very lite.. we have to give three coating then only we have the dark black shade.. if not me it's like water color..
+	very nice product.. purchased it for my friend on discount at 157 Rs.
+	Good product
-	Not so satisfying but still I can rate 3.5
-	Doesn't lay well on eye-shadow
-	Duplicate item
-	Bad.. Not worth the cost.. Name says black impact but its not that black.. Its light. U need tu apply 2-3 coats to get the desired black colour.. Very poor n useless brush design..
-	Very poor quality
-	Average stuff. This liner is dark but I donno what's wrong with it , it comes out if u try to apply 2nd layer quickly.
-	the brush of the eyeliner was not good , it was not even so i had difficultly while applying eye liner .
+	Gives a diff look aftr applying...best product to use.
-	It is midnight black in color good but I have often issue with the brush, when you apply first stroke is good but second one removes all the color filles by the first.best for those who are experts in applying liners
-	I dnt lik dis prdct..brush is totallydmgd...
-	Not good in feature.
+	Its good, stays for long 
-	I just hate this product
-	Too bad delusion ratio to high, zero rating but page not moving ahead
+	No issue with branded item. If you want to buy, go for it.
-	Great item.
-	The eye liner is not thick it doesn't feel good to apply
-	The product was not the same as shown here. The brush was also in a bad shape. Didn't expected poor quality from Lakme.
+	Will recommend u people to buy this product
-	The product that I received was well-packed, but when I opened it up, I found that the eye-liner was kind of dried up. It didn't seem like a fresh one, it felt as if the liquid was very less in there. And as expected, the liner which lasts for about a month for me with regular usage, exhausted in one week itself. Highly dissatisfied.
-	It's not at all good it's watery.it does not stay for an hour also. I think it's duplicate
-	AFter using it for few days only.it got dried...as if it had come up filled with water inside.
-	The brush is very thin and uneven disappointed !!!
-	very bad..brush is too bad
+	Din't have the glossiness bt still it stays long....love the long grip... allows me to draw new strokes....
+	I love this liner..its dark black and waterproof too
+	Its good, stays for long
+	This was first time I used this Eyeliner. Must say its value for money & Much better than expensive Loreal Eyeliner which will cost much higher & with not so great quality.
-	below expectation, i return it within three days
+	Great product.
+	Very good product, Low noise.
+	Worth to buy but little noisy
-	Not so good product, hardly delivers warm air.
+	product is okay
+	Do his duty properly, worth having it in a chilled winter for little warm.
+	effective with worth price
+	The Product and the delivery services offered is excellent
-	Not so good product stop working after 3 months.
-	Worst product, hopeless after sales service. meaningless warranty. very very disappointed. was unserviceable within a month
+	Prompt delivery. Very reasonable price and working well
+	working very well
+	The heater works very well, except for the humming sound of fan.
+	Its good to have this, but produces sound which distracts sleep. Thank you Amazon for delivery on time.
-	Its good to have this, but produces sound which distracts sleep. Thank you Amazon for delivery on time.
-	Fan has stopped working within a week. Gati is most disgusting courier service.
+	Good product at best price
+	This is a good product for 10x10 room. It gets automatically switched off when reached its peak temperature and turns on after sometime when temperature is lowered. Only drawback it needs a power board to connect.
-	Very bad experience with orpat oeh 1250 2000 wat Heater .it is stopped working in 3 days.
-	The air flow is low and air direction is not proper. You will feel the hot air if you sit near by the blower.
-	not upto the mark.
+	Got it in a lightening deal, power of the product is good in range, it can be used as a fan in summers.
-	Received the product today , found the package good. Switched On and turning on the fan, found fan not running. Checked fan is not fixed the the machine. Received a defective and faulty product.
-	Very Low Heating Element use in this product. not good...
+	Got this product on time with v good condition. This heater works well. I would say v good option in this price range.
+	Though this item was purchased after winter was over but tested for 2-3 days and for room of 10x12 size it works good. What to expect in this price? This can be used as portable fan in summer too.
-	Not good. Orpat oeh 1220 is very much better. This makes very noise. Don't buy this. Takes much time for warm air.
+	It is good. u just have to switch it on at half power i.e 1000 watt for 12 mins at 10 degree celcius outside with doors windows closed to make room comfortable. and for next 3 to 4 hrs the room stays warm.
-	The heating element is very thin in density, that leads to inappropriate cooling. Returned the product
-	Above product is nt working now...n I am going through lots of inconvenience. ..plz pay back money n take ur product back.
-	Poor Performance
-	Received in damaged conditions not worth for money
-	Noise annoy me ... can't watch TV when its on
-	Started making noise after a week of purchase. Did not use it since then.
+	Very nice and cute looking product. Easy to use and safe also. Very low noise with two different heat setting. Love it...
-	Very noisy.
-	Doesnt stay in position, keeps rotating.
+	really useful.amazing product
+	The product is working fine...but not in open space ....the flow is not circular...
-	no star defective piece not working pls never purchase cheater company
-	not useful...
+	Very good for the price
-	Very bad . Coil got burnt on 1st day
-	It is very small. Doesn't give as much heat either. The big downside is the power plug which is huge. Just a kid product, measure properly, it's really tiny. Also , lightening deal is an eyewash too as it is available all the time. I would recommend to go for Usha or Bajaj or similar other branded products which might cost more but are effective. It doesn't suck but is not good either
+	It's a very good product.in low price.
+	Except for the noise it is okay
-	got defective piece. very disappointed.
-	Got the faulty product, so opted for replacement. To my surprise that was also faulty.
+	This product is good and heating is best.
+	I took it to give warmth to my 6 month old baby suffering from cold. It proved its worth perfectly.
+	Good product. I recommend it.
-	Poor quality can't even work for a room as small as 10x10
-	Not heating da room exactly... Not at all effective .. Not satisfy with the product but Giving uh two stars coz amazon's delivery was awesome
-	very poor quality, fan sound is too high, and hot air is too low
-	not hot even ur distance are 12inch then the hotness not come to u.wast of money I'd return it
-	Poor quality
-	Size is too small
+	Happy with the Service & product.
+	Very good product. Keep the room warm also u can use it as fan only
-	The mouse does not work everytime. It is very annoying.
-	Not working properly
-	its realy waste in a snap its shows usb and it is ps 2 cable and even no call i got form amazon for returning please dont bye this product from amazon
+	The small mouse is working well with my laptop........value for money
+	Very good service from Amazon. Product is good enough for regular use. Seems little delicate but absolutely value for money spent
-	The SCROLLING function of the mouse is not working and, consequently, it has been dumped into a dustbin.
+	ITS GOOD ONE IN THE PRICE RANGE
-	Never buy products from amazon. This product was not genuine And right button was not working
+	good name of quantum with such a price..
-	The product image conveniently camouflages the wire so that we are caught unawares when a PS/2 comes instead of USB. Vendor should be advised to be more transparent with customers.
+	Value for money. The delivery service should be improved.
+	Good product, works great, build quality, wire is of good quality.
+	Its working good, its cheap and best
+	Product is working properly
-	Not working properly..
-	This mouse was not the one as it was shown in the description.
-	This is defective.I lodged complaint but still no action taken
-	very bad not working
+	GOOD QUALITY
+	Very good product, good shipping
+	good product for child for learning english and music. it has a speaker for output audio.
-	Screen is very small
-	Volume and Display is not clear.
+	Very good for children.
-	It was very low product its not working also i have rerun it,
-	Not worth for the cost. Voice is not clear and its old model.
+	EDUCATIONAL COMPUTER WAS REALY NICE AND VERY REASONABLE PRICE..ALSO NICE DELIVERY FROM AMAZON. THANK YOU.
-	Product is very low quality
-	It was not upto the expected level to childrens. we could have buy normal video game only with 100 or 150 rather than this product.
-	Interacting system voice is not clear and too fast for kids to follow. The screen works like 18th century digital display.... very bad. My kid didn't even play with it for 1 day.
+	good product - useful for teaching your kids but available cheaper if you buy from market.
-	No clarity of voice.
+	it is good
-	it is already broken, after one or two days just press the key and it's function start working unproperly
-	A third grade product. A total waste of money. Gets stuck on 1 mode. Quality is extremely third class too.
+	my son enjoys this laptop. Good product to present as gift also.
+	Value for money
+	Good for children
+	It is good for kg students.it help them to learn and to increase memory power
-	Not very good quality
-	Don't buy, Not Useful
-	Some keys were missing from the product.
+	It is a good product
+	This toys is best for children to enjoy instead of smart phone or harmful mobile thanks to Amazon
-	It is very worst product, please request to Amazon, do not encourage this type of products, it is very sheeting for to good consumers.
-	not a good product
+	It's good for learning
-	Cheap plastic, low on quality. The print on the keyboard is already vanished. Looks like an old toy. Doesn't look new. Waste of money.
+	Kids will enjoy
+	Good choice for children at the age between 5-8
-	Stopped working in 2 hours
-	quality was poor.
+	Superb Monkey.
-	This was looking very old and I thought it was a used product.... This time I was bought three products from amazon. But I'm not satisfied.
+	Nice product
-	Came with a broken arm
-	is not working properly. Very cheap material
-	This product design is good but got damaged product, returned it.
-	I have placed the new battery still its not working properly
-	Very loud and not nice
-	Not of expected quality. Poor plastic
+	This product is very good
-	The toy's arm falls out the second day of purchases.
+	Good. Value for money. I got this only for 63 with free shipping.
+	Quality product, low rate, no shipping cost, good packing
-	the box was completely broken and the product looks like used one or old stock dont buy it not worth
+	Good product.. My 7 months baby is njoyin watching it.. Received it within the time.
-	waste of money..the product was broken when delivered..
+	awesome gift to children, I love to present attractive toys to children,
+	Bought it for my 4 month old nephew. He instantly liked it. He was trying to grab the monkey. Satisfied with the purchase.
-	Not so good. Crack appears in bananas
-	I've bought a similar toy from a local fair recently for 50/-. It is highly overpriced here.
-	One of the bad product please don't buy. It was damaged and was not working
-	Product received was dead on arrival. Never worked. Disappointing. Not Funny.
+	My son like it
-	I have bought this product .when open i saw its on off switch not working.i dnt know what to do.I feel cheated bu this.and i decide never buy any thng except books from amazon.very bad
+	Excellent, I got it quickly. I am very satisfied with that price. Amazon is always good.
-	The piece I received is defective. There is some loose connection. Plastic quality is very bad. It gets heated up even if we use it for fifteen minutes because of the power supplied by battery. Not at all recommended.
+	excellent toy.u cannot stop laughing when it does sommersault. Great joy for children
+	Good Product worth buying!
+	Worth 4 money
-	Product defect so returned
+	my kid loves it
-	It stopped working the third day . it was fun until then..wish the quality was better
-	Drains battery very fast. use only rechargeable batteries.
-	Not good product. It worked for only one day. Thought prob with battery, so couldn't return within specified time period.
+	Really good product
+	Very cute product, my one and a half year oldson keep laughing when he sees the dog do summer-sault.
+	Excellent perfect
-	Not working when received. Not expected from amazon
-	The dog doesn't land on its foot after every somersault. Disappointed!!
-	Not working properly
+	The kids loved it
+	good service. excellent product,
-	Product is unexpectedly poor.
-	Product not working....I
+	Very gud product, kids love it ,, it act like a real puppy nd also jumps quite high
+	Great toy. Looks cute. Feel is nice. The bark sound is more like the sound of a squeeze toy sound. Some times lands incorrectly, need to adjust the tail for better chances.
+	Very good. Kid loves it. recommended. Quality is also gud.
+	The product is good and cute but it consumes battery very fast .
+	I love this product, my nephew liked it a lot along with that my dad liked it and he was very happy... Superb..
-	Nope not good... it cannot stand after jump
+	Value for money go for it .
-	Battery goes down very fast with usage.. sometimes gets stuck after flipping..
+	Fun product for animal loving kids
-	Its a good product but very delicate or I can say poor quality, back leg of dog got broken on the second day when we were playing with it...:-(. Otherwise my kids loved it...I wish we could enjoy it for some more time or somehow repair it
-	Quality of product is not good.
+	My kid loved it
+	My daughter loves it
+	Value for money
-    Pathetic product, it will not last even for day. The straps got torn in a day. Seems sole is made out of card board. Highly not recommended to anyone.
-    Looks great in pic..not gd fr use..u can buy as a showpiece nt fr occasionally use..forget about daily use..dont buy from this seller
-    his is a duplicate product i got it for 30rs on foothpath in shivajinagar in bangalore. it is not worth for 1 star please dont sell fake products.
-    Ridhi Sidhi Gorgeous Hand Embroidered Red Colored Flats is a very bad product with very bad built, it's loose the upper portion in one day use, do not purchase this product.
-    I got them just today. Wore it at home for sometime and when I took them off the stitches unravelled. Please don't buy these ridhi sidhi sandals. They don't look like they do in pictures. Not worth a rupee.
-    I bought this and its really not upto the mark, coz in the picture it looks all fancy and chirpy bt in reality the earrings are so miniature in size that they are not evn visible wen u wear them. Waste of money
-    I bought this book out of very high anticipation coz its John Green's book who wrote the iconic Fault in our stars which is a master piece in itself. But this book will make you go nuts. No story , no drama nthing. I dnt knw why he evn wrote this piece of shit,.
-    I bought this and i immediately returned this, coz frst of all i got a defective piece and secondly this kurti made me look lyk an auntie lol
-    purchased on offer price , quality vise not so good , can buy it in market for 99 rupees. disappointment.
-    The cost on Sukhi website is 299 and that with free shipping. How Flipkart is fooling us all and still... how funny
-    delivery was fine, on time but the heli was bad. Remote was loose, helicopter was defective.
-    stupid book. not at all interesting
-    Horrible product. Please never purchase this
-    Not of good Quality, I would suggest Flipkart to not to entertain such Sellers. About the Product: We can get the same/even better Product in Sultan Bazar for 400 Rupees or Less.
-    Product is not that quality but i felt ok according to the Price. Either Negative or Positive hence I shall give neutral feedback.
-    Product has no complaints but I found that the price is little expensive compared to other online stores But I am happy
-    For 200/- bucks couldn't have expected for much in a clutch. So the quality is average and the look is average.
-    I didn't like it....it is a cheap quality that I had ever seen....waste of money....very poor
-    Something wrong, dress material's prints are not proper place. And material is very bad .
-    After seeing the photo and the claim on MRP, I had placed the order. It was a great task to get it delivered through the courier. After few complaints, it finally reached. A very normal cotton piece. If you wash it, colour would go in first soaking itself. I think snapdeal should keep away such vendors. Always be careful on online purchase of clothes.
-    not as good as i expected  but snapdeal service is very good
-    I bought it for my wife for gifting to karwa chauth. But it's very bad quality as it contains mawa and shrinks after wash and quality of cotton is bad. There is no branding like vrishti.
-    Do not buy this dress by any means! Sucky material and it does not hang right on your body. Waste. Complete waste
-    Horrible service. Got the wrong product twice. Never ordering from here again!! :(
-    Its quality is too low and not working properly bakwass product do not use your hairs will be too rough and start clumsy
-    The information about the product provided in the brochure was not equivalent to the product itself. Straightner was not having any temperature changing button and any screen to show different temperatures which was mentioned in the brochure.
-    Such a bad product. Please don't buy
-    Omg. very flimsy. not at all sturdy. do not buy by any means
-    the product is just okay for basic everyday purpose but since it gets heated up and there is no temperature control i would suggest to use a heat protector. As it is round type structure there is no fiber guard.please avoid touching it to skin or scalp as its too hot and even you can get a burn.As per price of product it works pretty well.
-    Takes too much time. not worth it
-    I dont know why they made this product. completely useless.
-    Regretted it as soon as i bought it. Low quality product
-    Is not worth the money if you ask me. 
-    Hi Friends, Not happy to purchase Titan Octane 9308BM01 Men's Watches but i am not happy to see the  Box, its a duplicate Box, i believe.
-    Not too good but ok
-    I think it's duplicate up bag and not original
-    Not satisfied
-    Quality is very poor
-    Never buying this again. complete waste of money. don't know why it's still in the market
-    Not at all nice, friends. I do not reccomend this watch to anyone
-    Did not like this product. It stung my eyes and gave me mild burns.
-    Really bad soap. The smell is not nice at all.... 
-    The product is too sticky, and left residue on my face. Never using this again. It is not water proof either like the bottle states. 
-    I tried this sunscreen and ended up with a really bad tan. It said it was spf 50+ but no use at all. Just one day in the sun and i became very tan. Bad product.
-    Leaves the face feeling too stiky. Not a fan.
-    I got different colours.. which i have not ordered. And the disappointing thing is you cant return or exchange your product, if it is undergarment.
-    Very hard stuff. Not at all soft. Very unhappy with the product.
-    Colour must be vary, and sstitches was not good at all.
-    i am not satisfied
-    cheapest item, . dull color, many places torned. i m not satisfied for this item
-    stritching was removed with in a week and head was came out from the dog
-    Very bad. Bad quality material. Doesn't even look good.
-    Not happy with the quality because size is not as specified. All the articles which I have ordered were totally of bad quality. I have ordered 6 articles. I am not happy with any of the article.
-    Waste of money, colour is too dull, not that product shown colour,very small in size.
-    not good quality
-    The toy is made of some hard material not suitable for kids. Also the shape of the dog is more like a cylinder and no where near as shown in the image.
-    Toys is very very bad
-    Very good I m satisfied for this deal..👍🏻
-    I purchased this panda blue walker from Snapdeal but not satisfied with this deal, bcoz The quality of walker is not that good ascompared to its price sound is very loud and also design is not sufficint , it needs some extra things on the front panel so that baby enjoys it ride, even the colour was different I ordered the product with blue in colour but I was delivered with product blue and yellow in colour. Even the seat is not as good as it should. When you are paying around 1200 rupees these things you would not expect.lastly I think in wholesale market these walkers are more cheaper than online markets. Overall bit disappointed with this purchase.
-    I didn't like this product. It has lots of scratches and it is like very old product.. No user manual how to fit
-    product is not good at all. quality is too bad of product.
-    Product is average. Also  adaptor is not included.
-    Keyboard was in good condition but the seller send a local adapter.
-    Not good. Better you try out for Yahama.
-    Bad product. The zip was broken. The bag was nearly torn. 
-    the product has a very poor quality in terms of color for hairs. these colors are nothing but cryons
-    My daughter did not find the doll as exciting as it seemed to be in the tv ad. And i also not worth the price i paid for it.. The accesories attached with the doll were not that great and their quality was'nt that good. My daughter asked this doll as one of her wishes for achieveing something and was desperatly waiting for the parcel to arrive.. But she was not that happy when she opened the parcel. And played with the doll just for one hour.
-    Not that great as shown..colors R too messy and doesn't evenly spread all over..not at all satisfied
-    Hated this doll. My daughter also did not like it at all.
-    In buying time feature list FM will be present and received time there is no FM, Worst sound effect.No connectivity cables, in remote overall sound up & down only working, seperate volume adjust not working.
-    Bass is good treble also good but sound clearty also not bad..
-    Frnt rght & frnt lft speakers are not given high sound only cntr speaker given high sound
-    this is worst speaker..u cant use it with mobile and laptop...now a days dvd is allmost absolute so why these makers are making s useless device...plz dnt buy 
-    such useless speaker..its total wastage of money...sound quality is also not up to the mark...no bass...
-    This speaker doesnt produce any sound, just produces a lot of static sound. The quality is extremely low and most satellite speaKers dont work. The woofer is just for show, and the amplifier doent do any work.
-    very poor woofer sound, bass is very low rear speakers also not working
-    No Sound at all. Sub Woofer power is very low and giving more vibration noise rather than the Music sound.Not a good one.
-    Biggest drawback of this system is the input jack. It does not have a single input jack that can support televisions/CD players/etc. Sound quality is also not that great. But cannot complain much. Don't expect much from an product at such a affordable price. 
-    it's sound quality good but incase of surround 5.1 digital sound it does not full fill your hope
-    Very poor sound and too low bass and and connecting cable is very short its nt evn 1mtr
-    Pls don't buy this product... 
-    Its a total waste of money
-    Poor sounding ,easy to fitting but all speakers kept in only one place aux input is major drawback.
-    Quality of product not good 
-    Very bed sound quality of sub woofer of the product and properly item fro installation is not given with the product and difficult to set up
-    Guys Please don't buy this Product!Really waste one! Because the Sound quality is Tooo poor! Its enough for! 2*2 room! Beware Guys!!!
-    sound clarity not so good
-    Very poor quality speakers
-    nothing suond batter fro tv
-    We have purchased but i m very uspset because the sound quality is not so good and also not high. so i suggest not to buy this product...
-    after this , i am newer going to buy any philips products , worst experience , newer expected , the sound quality is worst than 2.1 .
-    Not recommended for music lovers
-    Not satisfied purchased with high expectations
-    I bought this Home theater their is problem in sounds only working one box ....
-    one speaker not working
-    As per philips product i notice that this product is not good as i think.
-    very poor sound
-    nothing to say more its actually waste of money
-    Product is waste please don't purchase and waste your money.
-    average i dont like it
-    It's no good
-    Frame quality is no good
-    The glasses was broken. 
-    Not at all stylish. Did not like at all.
-    This sucks.
-    The cream is too sticky and leaves a residue on my face. Would not recommend it to anyone.


+    Awesome deal... Original product.... Good cost... With warranty... what else do I need ;
+    I purchased this to gift my husband. He liked it very much, a perfect combo of style n comfort. Thank you Snapdeal
+    Nice and prefect wear it. I'm happy. Thanks for Snapdeal team.
+    Good as expected
+    A perfect pair of glasses for everyone who takes style, class and Comfort at their stride
+    There is no doubt about the quality of the product. Getting the best quality product in low price.
+    Awesome bag worth buying it thank you so much snapdeal.  Iam happy and even my cousin to whom I gifted it... Best ever birthday gift I gave her..definitely next birthday also I will go for snap deal and this time for clothing and accessories...
+    We like this very much, we will recommend this to my friends and family
+    Nice Product at reasonable price
+    It's a quality product and worth buying at this price.Snapdeal experience adds to it.
+    Excellent Product
+    Every father likes her little angel,  when my little angel started walking using this amazing thing I was all over the sky smiling thnx for this Walker
+    I'm very happy with this purchase.
+    product is really good..But the sound which it gives is very high..Kids are getting scared of those rhymes.
+    High Quality.. Good looking, Good price. My baby started her first foot Journey very happily and roaming rooms with enthusiasm and she is playing with toys on that.Walker is highly protective for baby.Every baby has to ride this walker.
+    good for the baby
+    The delivery was timely as committed. The product is good as expected. Similar to Bean bag.
+    Excellent piece. Was a bit concerned about the gap between the 2 base sections when opened. However, it got sorted out when compressed. Prefer the gap is reduced in future
+    Kids love it very much.good price
+    SO NICE, NEED  NOT REQUIRED TO BE ELABORATED
+    Good toy for my little baby. she happy with it.
+    Very good looks realistic
+    My kid loved it. Best item for such low cost. I'm impressed too.
+    Perfect
+    Excellent product ,and the sole of the heel is too good.
+    It is a must buy. A very good gift item. its really very beautiful. Look wise its ethnic as well as casual office wear.
+    Bought it for my wife, & she really loved it. although i got a feeling that it wont last for a long run. but cant complain for the money paid.
+    i am indian my foot size is 9 so i need 9 sized foot ware of dis model ( Myra Pair Of Multicolored Women Flats) could you look it for me
+    Bought this for my wife and she liked it very much. Quality is not the best but you cannot expect more at this price. Good for occasional wear.
+    best shoe I ever get. the design is wonderful. the style is unique. color is natural. one word for it "WOW". Thank u for this nice pair of shoe.
+    My wife appreciate this small gift of love. She has been really pleased with the quality and comfort of this flat.
+    Veryyyyyyy veryyyyy beautifulllllllll.... perfect size... the look of these flats are superb . product quality is very good.
+    The product was good and finishing is superb. Do not know about the life of the product since started using it. But it is definitely worth for the price.
+    VERY VERY GOOD PRODUCT.
+    Kudos to Flipkart for delivering the product in time. Don't know what has happened to flipkart, they used to pack the product so perfect that it wouldn't break even if someone stood on the package box. And now its the opposite, the footwear was packed so badly that the box looked crumbled or as if someone deliberately stood on it and to the astonishment the package as if it was opened
+    bought it for my wife,the product is very good, she really liked it, the pricing is good so is the quality of the product.
+    product is good same as shown in the picture ,comfortable can use for occasions not daily..but overall good one paisa vasul.
+    The product is just great! It's really beautiful and comfortable, Got it today, just 3 days after the order. Nice Job, Flipkart. Keep up the good work!
+    Thanks to flipkart. The product is good, feel the "Rajasthani" Trend and delivery before expected day, quality price worthy.
+    I have bought the slip for my wife and was bit scared while buying regarding quality. I found the product is good in quality as well as beautiful as well.
+    Good Value for money. it looks quite nice and my wife is happy with the same. she likes the fit and would probably buy again
+    I bought this for my mother and she likes it. The delivery on flipkart was on time and the product was in good condition.
+    highly recommended for sportsman or joggers
+    its really a good product.. i want to gift this to my gf..and she loves it..
+    Just one word "Classy" and tht will suffice. I bought this fr my vacation, and its totally worth the price.
+    Its a good dress and worth the money :)
+    Perfect Bed. Its high gloss PU polish is like a mirror. we can see our face clearly in its finish.. it have two side table with big storage... its design is fantastic....
+    I assure all buyer that you can't find any jewellary with such no. of Australian diamonds at this price.above all the design is exclusively superb. So happy buying.
+    beautiful..........................i just love it............................thanxz flipkart
+    much better than D-link product.one problem is wifi range is not satisfactory.overall good.if you need something like that below 1000 rs. i would recommend that.
+    Happy to shop on flipkart. great deal, great products... and about American Tourister bag i purchased.... its really good buy for me
+    Happy with the product but colour is not what i expected.... the royal black but it is little chocolaty
+    Happy with 2GB RAM and Snapdragon processor... It is Best in class phone... runs faster than expected... enjoyed gaming and battery backup is awesome.. almost 12 hours on WIFI connectivity and excessive gaming,,...
+    Loved it.. :)
+    Value for money product... made my night driving easy....................................................
+    Pro Gun with pro accuracy. You can bet wid your friend on targeting cans/bottle and can enjoy it. 
+    I recommend buying this gun as its awesome and easy to mod.
+    This gun consists of. 4 parts: main body,stock,extended barell and grip . Liked this gun very much as it looks good as well as has a good shooting Range . But to everybody who is reading this I must warn you not to spray paint this gun as I did . Now it works very rarely because it is jammed now
+    Product is excellent but I am not sure of the Price. As long as my son enjoying it I need to give 5* rating. Cheers..!!!!
+    This gun is worth the price. It has 12 ddart magazine rather than the 6 one and so the capacity is good. The range is from 50 to 60ft without barrel extension and if used with barrel it drops down to 30 to 40ft. it may reach 75ft if shot from an angle without barrel.The grip handle is very good and the barrel with the pinpoint sight makes it accurate.
+    awesome gun ! i loved it as a nerf fan i love collecting guns this gun was very difficult to find as i had looked everywhere for it but of course flipkart had it thank you flipkart.!
+    the retaliator main unit is enough to hold your opponents.it is a good gun but cannot function as a good primary weapon.the accessories are really cool.please put it in stock cause its really cool!!!!!!!
+    Very nice. Easy to use. Very good range. The darts are very soft and could get permanently damagd very easily even while loading.
+    Retaliator is an blaster from N-Strike Elite series. By testing, This blaster fires up to 74-78 ft. Accuracy is great, speeds up to 79 kph. This blaster is really for 8+, it can break glass. I love it's system working and design.
+    Received the item within 4-5 days which was much sooner than expected.Packing was really nice and product arrived just as I would have bought it in a shop.
+    Worthy For Money toy. It's vibrate and goes here and there, and that's funny to watch lol.
+    this cover is great.. my sister loved it...but the color is a bit fade... but the cover is just awesome..it perfectly fits on the phone :)
+    Good Deal and the results are satisfactory, I can recommend the product.
+    hey its a nice purse. goes with everything. light weight and trendy. just one drwaback that its width was not as expected. rest everything is good.
+    cool. very nice in less price.I bought for my sister she is very happy with product.
+    its very nice for giftpurpose..compact light yet purposeful,trendy colourful goes with every dress.............................................................................................................
+    liked it very much and also at such low price...thanks flipkart for such fast service..........................
+    goes well with stylish dresses. actually I thought it ott - over the top. bt when I used it with a gracefull anarkali on cousins wedding, this set complimented & completed the look. though bit smaller diamonds would have helped me use this one more frequently bt overall good one.
+    I gifted it to my sister. She liked it most. Thank u flipkart for the offers.
+    BEST SANDAL FOR CHEAP RATE THAN IN SHOPS. WASHABLE AND GOOD QUALITY IN THIS RATE
+    This product in just one word...is AWESOME!!!!! This shoe is great option to buy...
+    Very nice quality look and comfortable sandals with a very low cost. The color is same and the quality is also good and look durable .Sandals are fit and comfort in the regular size . Delivery is also fast
+    Quick delivery by Flipcart. Ordered on Thursday and delivered on Saturday. Bought for Rs.279/- Looks great. Quality is worth for this price.
+    as compare other sandal its very light weight and contactable for use .nice one ,a i m satisfied for this product.
+    The Product Seems to Be Fine..If u own a Brand Ones , u won't feel Comfy for some day's..After that u will seems to be fit with the Product..U Can't expect More at a Price tag of 330 Rs/-.. :)
+    the product is amazingly very nice ...discounted price is very less than available in market .go for it
+    Very good product and a very very fast delivery with continuous updates at every step. I must recommend to all my friends.
+    NICE PRODUCT ,VERY EFFECTIVE
+    product is very nice and I recommend this.
+    Nice product. Got it in a deal. Packing and delivery were excellent.
+    Thank you snapdeal for exclusive offer on awsome product.
+    Nice product one should use this preferablly after bathing, before going to bed & also @24 hour whenever needed
+    Really it is best cream for winters.it is gud and very effective for dry skin
+    We r using this product earlier it is a nice moistoriser in this price
+    Good for use
+    WE HAVE BEEN USING THIS PRODUCT SINCE LONG ,IT IS PERFECT TO USE IN WINTERS .WE RECOMMEND TO ALL .
+    Good product, Perfect packing.value for money
+    It is not date barred item. New item I received.  Good quality. Thanx
+    Good for use
+    Very well done is done with dinner Super
+    Good product, Perfect packing.value for money
+    Highly satisfied with Snapdeal & the seller. Genuine WYSIWYG product. And the best part was that the laptop was surprisingly delivered the next day (within 30 hrs of placing the order).
+    Received with in 3 days.. nd also looking good and slim. Thanks for snapdeal.. for this awesome lapyy
+    I am very happy with the service and the product because of the fast delivery.
+    A good deal for configuration lovers specially for game maniacs who are searching for a gaming devices in such a price range. 
+    Good packing and delivery was on time..
+    Am satisfied with this product I liked it well it is super product with gud cost of reasonable cost.
+    best item ever I seen. packaging was nice, received as said configuration. nice deal under 35000k. display was nice .. performance was also great
+    It was good
+    Nice looking, fast, great laptop. Worth it especially for gaming.
+    Good but not very lengthy, but overall good product, i recommend it.
+    Just received it.  From first looks, the dress seems full value for money.
+    Extraordinary simply superb very very nice
+    This product is very Wonderful and I happy to buying this product.
+    first time wrong product deliver but next time same color  provided by you and its good
+    this is a good product ...i have also  used before ordering to snapdeal..
+    Great deal. best product at cheapest price.
+    This is a cheap & best product on snapdeal, i compared its price in market and other sites, only snapdeal is giving it in a lowest price, and its service is also very good and fast. i received my product within 3 days so i suggest all people that go for it, it's better than flipkart, shopclues etc. If talking about the product this have 5 powerful blades and 1 trimming blade on its upper back side which gives u fine shave in 1 time.
+    I've used Fusion blades for years. Hate the cost! But wouldn't go back to the cheaper blades. Each blade lasts at least a week. Then, when they're all used up, I go back and use them again! Seems like they "recover," when not used for a while!I have been using the same cartridge for over six months and I shave my face everyday. If you dry it after use, you can get many shaves out of it. Worthy of note that I don't use shaving cream I just shave in a hot shower with a wet face. The blade on the back is great for under your nose.
+    Really, I've tried a lot of different brands different barbers, but only Fusion could give me a bloodless shave.
+    The price is just perfect..! This product is very cost effective as, in my case, I have used the blades for over a year now (with 2-3 times usage per week) . . .
+    This is an excellent product which works well. I have used it earlier a and found it to be a good product.
+    hard to find it in stores so i got it from snap deal i wish they would have cut down some price like 10-20rupees or something but still great blades...!!!!
+    very good delivery and perfect product
+    Nice product delivered in time and with good quality
+    superb product n affordable price.. curler is awesome and helped me in arriving new hair styles.. easy to use appliance...and pink color being ma favorite luks cool
+    Overall: I am happy with the device and I think it is a great product and people should really buy it rather than buying a high end curler like philips or some others which offer similar features for high prices. If you are on minimal budget then go for this. If you are concerned about the brand and status then no one can stop you from opting for other brands.
+    Its really quick and effective in use.Works really well.Not so good in curling but better in straightning.
+    Fantastic superb watch cannot express it in words
+    I am satisfied with that product quality.But not satisfied the box
+    Excellent watch...Looks are awesome..definetly recommend it to all my friends.Thanx SD
+    good enough, colorful, elegant........................................................................
+    Exellent product....with awesome price no defective peice is their, exellent quality and orignal tupperware products.........
+    Awesome product. .  .just loved the colours and quality of bottles :-)
+    good quality product, I prefer buying only on flipkart because of the quality what flipkart provides!!!!! there is satisfaction after buying from flipkart
+    A good value pack. 
+    Sandals was good & can be used daily....these are good at this price...
+    Super fit. good one for this price range flipkart delivery no words awesome.
+    Thank you flipkart for the quick delivery and my feet are loving these pair of sandals. Good for rough work.
+    print is awesome as well as the lace work. length is good especially for tall girls
+    I expect this is soft toy, it's looking very nice and originality.
+    This is third one in my collection. But the best of all. A classic signature Rayban style. Truly happy with shopping experience and the product. Thanks Snapdeal.
+    I would love to buy more colours
+    Good product and as per expectation, quality is equally good but no mention of dates in Warranty card
+    Great deal from snap deal. waiting from long time for this deal and finally git it. Thanks Snapdeal
+    Affordable price...and a perfect genuine product having an appropriate medium size.Check the size before you buy the product..
+    Really cool sound. Loved it. Amazing choice.